We're half an hour from the open in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm April Hong
in Singapore.
>> Good morning, and I'm David Glass in
Hong Kong. Let's get to your top stories
today. Stocks across the Asia-Pacific
are trading with a hint of caution after
a pickup in US wholesale inflation has
traders reducing expectations and bets
on Fed rate cuts. We have Chinese
activity numbers set to come out this in
the next hour set to show the economy
still under pressure. Now, Beijing said
to consider asking companies owned by
the central government to buy unsold
homes from distressed developers. And
also ahead here on shows today,
Bloomberg reveals the Trump
administration is in talks for a
potential stake in Intel. And Vladimir
Putin praises Donald Trump ahead of
their summits in Alaska, dangling the
promise of economic cooperation and a
new arms treaty.
[Music]
Right, a quick glance at markets as we
wrap up the trading week. A full trading
session of course is still ahead and we
are slightly on the front foot with the
Nikki 225 up half of 1%. Taiwani coming
online and within that market of course
we're looking at Hanghai following the
earnings that came out of course
yesterday late yesterday. I should note
that a quarter of 1% to the upside there
on the MCI Asia Pacific. Lots on deck
today. Uh we have a ton of GDP reports
across the region. We've had Japan. We
have uh Malaysia coming out. Uh revision
in Taiwan. Hong Kong and Macau are also
on deck today. On top of that and in
between that we have new home prices
coming out this hour in China and of
course the monthly activity numbers at
the top of the next hour. Fed
conversation PPI not just coming in
above expectations blowing past every
single one double more than double in
fact the highest estimate there. um
perhaps reducing uh the fully priced
past tense expectations around the
September Fed meeting out of the Fed, a
cut there. Still though, that is still
the base case. As you can see on the
screens though, uh the 10-year yield in
Australia is following the move up in
treasuries overnight. Right. Speaking of
a meltup in yields ever so slightly, but
ever so consistently, the Chinese
10-year yield is now trading at 173A, a
level we haven't seen, by the way, in
about two two and a half weeks. So,
we'll track that closely if that
continues. well into the session today.
30-year bond yield as well on your
screens now has a two handle on that. We
are looking at declines going into the
open today. And I should note these are
fairly steep declines. Averil being
priced in ahead of the open 27 minutes
away.
>> Yeah, really going to be keeping tabs on
that GDP data out of Hong Kong, Macau,
but as you say, the mainland as well.
And against the backdrop of yesterday,
we saw that stock rally on the mainland
taking a bit of a breather and turnover
interestingly actually topped 2.2
trillion yen. So this is the highest
this year going past the deepseat moment
even earlier in the year. Aside from
that, couple of stocks we're keeping
tabs on as well. JD after its revenue
beat. Its profits were a miss though, so
we'll unpack that on the program. We
also had CK getting hit by a one-time
that was a merger related cost and the
profit plunge there way another stock
we're watching SANS China and then of
course the IPO boom in Hong Kong and
we're expecting uh to see the start of
trade for Inogen Pharma and then because
of the bad weather interesting yesterday
also we saw how the national security
trial of Jimi was delayed David
>> yep lots on deck today as you were
pointing out um on the pharma listing
5,000%
5,000 overs subscribe of course as far
as the retail trench is concerned and
the CEO uh Wangqin Hua will be joining
us on shows later today as well as we'll
be unpacking the eco numbers with
Barlays and of course also on earnings
David Lee boss of HAI and Jacob Cam the
outgoing of course and he's set to
retire this year boss at MTR joining us
throughout the shows today. April.
>> Yeah. In the meantime, the other big
story we've been tracking is how
Bloomberg has learned that the Trump
administration is in talks with Intel on
the US government potentially taking a
stake in the company. For more on this
scoop, let's bring in senior tech editor
Nick Turner. So, Nick, this is quite a
turn of events. I mean, we've seen how
we went from Trump talking about Lit
Bhutan, you know, that he should quit to
them having an interesting conversation
to now potentially the US taking a stake
in Intel. What do we know?
Yeah, I mean that meeting between the
two men I think set the stage for this
potential plan where US government would
take a stake in Intel and help support
in particular this uh factory expansion
in Ohio that was once touted as
potentially being the biggest chipmaking
facility in the world if it was
completed.
>> Okay. and the prospects of that. Nick,
David here, by the way. Thanks, by the
way, for staying uh staying up for us
and staying up for us here. 7% in the
markets right now. The probability of
this one going through and what it means
for the longer term strategy of the
company here, Nick.
>> Yeah, I mean, obviously, Intel needs
help and this is a few different ideas
have been floated over the past few
months. One included TSMC potentially
running their factory network as part of
a joint venture. That didn't come to
pass. Um so this is an idea that I think
appeals to investors as you're seeing
that um you know the Intel gets some
money from via the stake and maybe in
return it we don't exactly know details
in terms of what it means for that Ohio
factory but presumably you have to think
maybe it accelerates the expansion
because currently it's not supposed to
even open until the 2030s so it's a ways
out.
Nick, thank you so much. Nick Turner
there in San Francisco for us, our
senior tech editor. Right. Uh to the
other stories we're tracking today in
China, this uh expansion industrial
output may have actually slowed quite
sharply last month. You have heavy rain,
you have well, you have hot weather and
you have heavy rain separately
disrupting factory and mine operations.
While the government has intensified, of
course, efforts here to rein in excess
capacity. for a preview of the numbers
coming through today. Mman, our China
correspondent is here with us to just
help us understand the context of these
numbers coming out.
>> Yeah, we are expecting a miss on pretty
much well, we're expecting a slowdown in
every single metric of the activity data
coming out today. So, industrial
production expected to slow to 6% versus
6.8% the previous month and retail sales
4.6% versus 4.8 the previous month. And
this if it comes through true, it will
be the slowest growth in 5 months. and
property investments, fake asset, fixed
asset investment as well expected to
slow down as you can see on the screen.
And there's been many factors that has
been hanging over the economy, right?
There's of course the trade tension that
is making businesses a little bit more
cautious about investment and of course
the anti-involution campaign that is now
in full force. The Chinese government
trying to cut excess capacity in sectors
like coal. And you also have the weather
that was an unexpected drag on the
economy because not just um the
unusually high temperatures, there also
was heavy rainfall, floods at different
parts of the country that disrupted uh
factory activity, disrupted construction
as well. So that's a drag on fixed asset
investment as well. Consumption, we're
still seeing uh consumers pulling back
despite those government subsidies
coming through. We expect to see home
appliance sales holding up, but then
maybe the bad weather as well, keeping
people at home rather than going out
whining and dining. And you combine that
with the credit data that we got earlier
this week, it really is showing us signs
that the economy is slowing down.
>> And it also speaks to the need perhaps
for some property sector support, right?
Uh we're hearing about how China is
mulling getting these stateowned
enterprises to mop up unsold homes. How
significant is this? How might this move
the needle on the property crisis?
>> Well, if you're listening to Christy
Hung, who is our Bloomberg intelligence
analyst, she is saying that it's not
going to move the needle at all. But I
still think it's a pretty significant
move because over the past few years
throughout the property crisis, we have
seen how Beijing has pretty much left it
up to the local governments, the
provincial governments to manage the
crisis. uh even as they inject liquidity
through the PBOC but this time they are
now mulling according to sources letting
S so ses owned by the central government
as well as bad debt managers to step in
to mop up these excess housing there are
about 60 million of these unsold
apartments on the market that could take
years to clear up without government
intervention now the ses are going to be
allowed to tap the 300 billion UN in
reending facility introduced by the PBOC
last year and if you recall that program
had seen very very low take up rate. So
far, only 6% of loans have been approved
and that's because the fundamentals are
weak. You take a look at the chart, it
shows housing market is still slumping,
right? Home sales, home prices continue
to slip and your rental yield as well is
quite low. It doesn't make business
sense for local governments to pick up
uh you know these apartments and turn
them into affordable housing. That's the
reason why Christy Hung is saying that
this will not really move the needle.
But still it is a sign that the
government is perhaps acknowledging that
the existing measures so far are not
enough and for the first time they're
allowing these state-owned companies
from the central government side to step
in and of course this is still according
to sources not confirmed by the
government yet but still a significant
move forward. Minman, thank you so much.
Minman Low, our China correspondent
there. Uh just over 20 minutes away from
the opening bell here and we are looking
at declines already right now. 6 710 to
1% depending which is you're looking at
here. I'm looking across the board it
doesn't seem to be the usual names like
10 cent is flat. CK Hutch earnings
yesterday. Alibaba though had quite a
tumble overnight. 3.6% that might be and
we're looking at indications here in and
around a 2% drop in shares of Baba going
into the open today. We'll get you that
and more coming through. uh here on the
China show. Good morning.
[Music]
All about earnings. China's Hersai group
has reported second quarter earnings
with net revenues soaring 54% on year.
The company is the world's largest maker
of lidar sensors used in driver
assistance systems. It also just
announced a new deal with Toyota which
will feature her size long range
automotive LA in a new model. Joining us
exclusively now in Shanghai is Hersai
tech co-founder and CEO David Lee.
David, really good to have you with us
after a set of bumper earnings. talk to
us first off what drove this and how
you're looking to build that going
forward especially given the China
business.
>> Morning. Thank you for having me. Um
it's a very interesting uh uh earning
results because we're actually finally
seeing uh the take off of the volume and
uh I think uh the first thing I wanted
to explain is it's actually about safety
100% safety. it's regulation. Uh the
government decided that look there is a
uh too much of the clarification needed
for the definition of level two and
ADAS. So and then what they decided to
do is that they were like look you know
in the past it of course level two is on
the driver but it doesn't mean that you
can just anyone can just claim this is
level two system. So they came up with a
tightened rule regulations on what you
could call adas and with a set of
scenarios. What's very interesting is
that we're seeing that in some of the
scenarios it I believe it's virtually
impossible to do without LAR. That's why
the industry is seeing the transition
into 100% take rate for LAR. We're
seeing this trend and you remember in
the past LAR is something you use and
then you get additional functions on
ADAS. Now it becomes the safety parts
like the invisible airbag. Now when you
use LAR it it's becoming safer. It's
meeting the regulation and that's why
we're seeing a lot of lot of the
customers already are transition into
100% take rate on uh lightars. This this
is a very interesting transition and
that's the one of the biggest reasons
that we're driving up the volume.
How much uh further growth are you
expecting in volume in the coming
quarters?
>> Sure. Uh maybe we should talk about how
far we've we've done, right? And if you
look at the the actual numbers, I
believe it's it's a it's very impressive
for the first half of the year. We've
shipped more than half a million units.
That's already more than how how many we
shipped in the entire year of 2024. And
if you look at Q2, the total shipment is
four times of what we were a year
overyear. And that's the reason we're
reaching gap profitability for the first
time. And then we're also diversifying
our customer portfolio. Used to be more
concentrated. Now we're working with
really me almost everyone. And now we're
um we're the the the main supplier for
Lee Alto, for Zikur, for Xiaomi, for BYD
and and many many more like Leap Motors,
Glee and Great Wall, Cha and Cherry. So
so we're we're working with all of them
and then with some of them already also
coincidentally maybe also not so in
coincidentally uh doing 100% like Leo
and Zikar and Xiaomi and also BYD's Godz
for A and B platform. So that's why
we're super optimistic that this trend
will have to continue to to make LAR the
standard configuration for the level two
ADA system. We believe this trend is
already happening.
>> David the on the volumes question I mean
certainly it it's a good problem to have
that it's the mass adoption I think just
to how you describe it is is taking
place. How are you thinking about
manufacturing capacity? Do you have
enough capacity to meet demand? You
think over the next couple of years?
>> This is China, right? Like it's really
usually not the biggest challenge. If
you think about the product itself,
right? The the design is the mature. So
we've been doing copy and paste, right?
Each of our line is half a million
units. All we need to do is just to copy
and paste the production line, which
isn't a challenge. Apparently, we also
have abundance of people to operate
that. The only challenge is that we
usually tell customers that we need
ideally six months and but definitely
more than four months heads up if you
need to greatly expand your volume which
we usually get because in automotive
business it's sort of predictable within
a few month period. Of course the other
reason is that because we're almost
becoming the index of the ADAS industry.
If you think about it we're working with
almost everyone now. So we don't have to
rely on the prediction of the specific
customer. We're really just relying on
the overall industry status for which we
have better certainty to to plan and
also we have less volatility because we
essentially are averaging out their
variabilities.
>> Yeah, David you mentioned great great
way to put that in China it's not a
problem in terms of increasing capacity.
The reason I bring that up is there have
been reports of you guys looking at
capacity outside China perhaps your
first overseas plant. I'm talking about
Southeast Asia here. wonder if you could
comment on that where you are as far as
that plan is concerned and where where
in Southeast Asia.
>> Uh maybe first the the reason is not
because we're running out of land in
China. That's not the reason we're going
to Southeast Asia, right? It's because
for the global uh global OEM we work
with. We announced that LA last earning
and we have to have outside China
facility to support their volume outside
China. So that's that's really the
reason and we signed a lease of that
factory in Southeast Asia and it's in
the process of being built up and and
it's a retrofitted factory is a
brownfield and uh we are in the process
of building up the capacity and we
expect this factory to be up and running
by late 2026 or early 2027.
So no indication yet of of where exactly
you can share with us this factory might
be in Southeast Asia.
>> It's it's one of the usual suspect with
great food.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So it's Malaysia then I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. Go ahead.
>> Well, this is your preference. Some
people might disagree.
>> Yeah. Um I mean aside from the supply
side, I wanted to ask you about you know
the landscape in China because we know
how Huawei is kind of dipping its toes
into the lidar business as well. You
talked about how regulatory
clarification is really helping you know
lift the hood. So is this a market you
think that is big enough for everyone?
How are you thinking about competition?
Yeah, there's always great competition
especially in China. But I think what's
interesting is that I think what you're
implying is that because of the
competition uh the gross margin
everything might not be the greatest.
And that's actually true especially in
China. But what's interesting is that we
always tell people we're not a car
company. We're not even a car supplier
company. We're actually an LAR company
and we build lightars for all different
industries. For example, um if you think
about um the other topic which is
robotics, when we talk about robotics,
it's a completely different industry
with very different ecosystems, but they
sh they share the platform technologies
of the LAR from the ADAS which are we
are super good at at the quality and
performance and and the cost. So then we
apply that to really many industries.
the robot taxi, a robot truck, last mile
deliveries, lawnmowers and service robot
cleaning robots. And this this quarter
uh our shipment for robotics industry
has gone up year-over-year by eight
times. I had to look up the words. It's
octoput and which is very impressive.
And we already shipped more than 100k
for the first half. And that's what
we're seeing uh with the new growth and
the it's much better margin business.
It's serving all different industries
and it's a equally good product we're
serving the ADAS which much better price
and if you think about it the other
interesting reason to me is that I have
a PhD in robotics in my mind anybody you
can only have one car but you can always
own multiple robots in the future. So
that's why there's a much more
imagination in this industry.
Yeah, really speaking to the massive
demand potential. Sure. Could you talk
us through as well uh the Toyota
partnership? How do you see that helping
to build up the business even further?
>> Yeah, we're very glad to see uh
alongside one of the already we
announced the top European program,
we're actually already for that European
OEM, we already achieved the C sample
which is the most important phase before
you go into production. So everything's
ready lined up for production. But other
than that, we already have multiple JV
programs with global OEMs across the
world, including uh Audi and Cadillac.
They're entering production of their JV
vehicles in China. We have that. And
then recently, we're very glad that we
opened a new door uh with Toyota JV in
China. And now we work with American,
European, Japanese OEMs in JV all
together.
David, final question for you. We we've
learned that the company could list,
your company could list in Hong Kong
this year. Are you looking to list your
shares in Hong Kong this year is a
question.
>> I think there is always a chance to list
uh additionally uh to uh the NASDAQ. We
continue to evaluate that. And also Hong
Kong has great food. Let's be fair.
>> Oh, okay. So, so guaranteed, you know,
um the meal's on you. I'll pay for my
share and then we expect you here in the
studio if if and when of course you
list. Okay, David, thank you so much for
uh for the time and yeah earnings and
yeah, good and congratulations there on
the the Toyota uh uh agreement there.
Okay, David Lee, co-founder, CEO of Hoai
Technology. One stock that is and one
company that has gone uh listed here in
Hong Kong. Wow, check that out. 300% on
Guangjo Inogen Pharma. And by the way,
the CEO joins us this time in the next
hour of what they plan to do with all
this money that they raised. Plenty more
ahead. This is Worth.
[Music]
Let's take a look at some of the movers
in the pre-market session. Looks like
it's going to be a down day extension of
yesterday's losses, but of course, uh,
we have a couple of stocks that we're
keeping an eye out on as well, David.
>> Yeah, JD.com, JD Health, that's an
earnings story. As with CK Hutch, WEBO
was also out before the US markets
opened up. So, massive move up in WoW
overnight. We're mirroring that going
into the open today. Not much movement
as far as CK Hutch is concerned. I mean,
the big number was that 92% drop in net
income. That was a one-off merger
related non-cash. So the market's
perhaps looking past that at this point
in time, right? Uh the other big story
we're tracking is this listing here in
Hong Kong. Guangjo Inogen Pharma has
massively overs subscribed in a sector
that is massively outperforming. We're
talking bio biotech here and it's
unsurprising why the stock is trading
higher by 300% in the pre-markets. The
opening bell is coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Happy Friday. Welcome to
the China Show. Counting down to the
open of trade. We'll get the opening
bell. futures are pointing down. We'll
also be getting the new home price
numbers coming through as well. An
update there. So, 25 straight months of
declines. Do we get month 26 and of
course 30 minutes from now, we'll be
getting the activity numbers coming
through. Stay tuned for that. On the
left side of your screens is listing
coming through in the city biotech firm.
We're looking at Guangjoen there.
Pharma. The stock is up 280% in the
pre-market. Massively oversubscribed.
Um it's one of its products of course is
uh treats diabetes and I think I believe
of course they are uh looking to test
that for obesity. So we'll we'll see of
course how that trades and the CEO Ail
of course will be joining us later uh on
the show. Averil
>> yeah and you you were mentioning earlier
many many times overs subscribed in the
retail trends. There you go the gong at
the open of trading on inen farmer.
Well, let's take a look at what we're
seeing on the mainland as well. I mean,
today is a day where we're waiting out
for the retail numbers, the industrial
production numbers out of the mainland.
And against that backdrop, it's also the
home price data that is due I think any
time now. Aside from that, we had US PPI
really raising doubts about the extent
in which the Fed can cut, right? Even
though we are still mostly pricing in
fully that 25 basis point, the Chinese
markets are taking a bit of a breather
again down for another session at the
start of trade. You're seeing the likes
of Guo, CL, those are the stocks that
are a bit of a drag today. So tap it in
terms of sentiment. Bonds are catching a
bit. Take a look at the hung markets and
the star trade. Of course, a lot of this
is the earnings digestion. We had uh
JD's revenues beating. Profits were a
miss. JD Health, by the way, uh was
upgraded to buy by HSBC. And aside from
that, CK Harrison, that's the other one
we're watching, down in the session for
the moment after profits plunged. This
was because of a one-time charge in
relation uh to one of its mergers. But
we will unpack that a bit more uh in
just a bit. Take a look though at how JD
is fairing uh a after it reported um
that uh number. So down 3% at the moment
just to highlight the extent of the
decline for you. David, you have some
data for us.
>> Yeah, I do. So we have new home price
numbers coming through. So this is for
the month of July. So existing existing
homes are down half of 1%. We are also
getting new home prices coming through
as well. Uh we are down on that
specifically about.3%.
So the drop on new home prices is
actually faster than the previous month.
As far as used home prices, the drop is
slower than the previous data point. All
things equal, both are both still
showing declines uh year and year, month
and month rather negative.3%, negative
half of 1%. Although of course it has
been falling for uh two years now. So
yeah, you could make that um jump from
month and month statistically to year
and year still falling there u as well.
Okay. U so we we talked about this lots
of earnings coming through. I mean just
before we talk about GD.com April just
to mention as well so it looks like
>> Maitto is also falling quite a big
decliner right now 3% down Baba's down
3% Lenovo which was down yesterday
earning story also down still 3.6 six
and MTR which also reported earnings
earlier on and the CEO joins us in a
couple of minutes um is the biggest
decliner right now in the Hanging Index.
We're down 5% uh on shares of MTR. So
it's a big big earnings day to get
through I would imagine now April.
Yeah, I mean for JD right um it reported
second quarter revenue growing at a
faster than anticipated 22%
and it also benefited from these
consumer subsidies aggressive but costly
drive into new markets uh such as meal
delivery and so profits halved and our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst
Katherine Lim joins us now to break
things down. So Katherine what do the
results tell us about the intensity of
competition uh in the sector? Well,
April, basically JD.com's retail profits
were all eroded by its investments into
food and ondemand delivery. And this
literally sets the tone for what we can
be expecting from Alibaba and Mtoan as
they report over the next um two weeks
itself that the intensity of the
competition into food and ondemand
delivery was so intense in the second
quarter. I guess overnight really as we
took out from um what the company is
guiding I guess there was really very
little to um assure you that you know
things are over you know they're going
to focus on profits again I do think
that the pressure is going to continue
um through the end of the year um so
we'll have to actually see what comes
through for Alibaba and Mtoan as they
guide
>> what is your sense though just on
packing JD a bit further how sustainable
uh this is given you know maybe they're
not going to come through with so much
ongoing discounts. What is the extent of
growth that's expected? Yeah, I guess
you know they've highlighted that they
had an impressive 40% year-on-year
growth and um quarterly active um
customers which is all great but we all
know that there was that huge promotions
and perks that actually literally drove
that and you know once you take that off
the big question remains how sustainable
will that be particularly the kind of
momentum that we are seeing and I do
think that that's what market is really
watching out for that you know if you
scale back on these c um subsidies
itself. How loyal will customers be you
know to your platform um to ordering
more?
>> Right, Katherine? That's a I mean that's
a good question. Uh I mean certainly
anecdotally yesterday I was looking I
was I was having food delivered and I
saw okay the minimum was quite high. You
know what I didn't eat right? So that's
like so I guess that's an indication of
course of what happens to demand if and
when of course you cross that threshold.
uh the elasticity of demand as they call
it. All right, Katherine Lim in
Singapore for us. From one earning story
to another, CK Hutch uh related assets
or related stocks, I should also mention
CK asset is down 2%. Hutch is up about
half of 1%. Uh you have an over 90% drop
uh in net income for the first year. The
details of course coming through right
now with Shirley Jiao, our conglomerance
reporter here with us to help us
understand what was behind that
substantial drop in in in profits.
>> Right. So CK Hutcherson's profit dropped
92% because of a one-time non-cash loss
arising from the merger of its UK
telecoms unit and Vodafone. The merger
happened in May and it actually
generated 1.3 billion pounds in cash for
CK Hutcherson, but it also incurred a
non-cash disposal loss as well as
transactional expenses. Um if you look
at the operations side, CK Hutcherson's
operation were actually pretty doing
pretty well in the first half. Its
operational underlying profit rose 11%
in the first half of the year mainly
because of its ports business did quite
well and its retail did quite well and
its other main businesses including
telecoms and infrastructure were pretty
much uh resilient.
>> Well, you mentioned the ports deal. Did
did that come up? Um the the management
in an earnings call told analysts that
they expect there is a good chance that
there could be a deal uh with the
participation of a major strategic
Chinese investor in the buying
consortium and Bloomberg reported
earlier that China's state-owned Costco
shipping company was in talks with the
buying consortium to join the buyers um
and they are negotiating for a very
powerful role and a significant role in
the consortium. But the management also
don't expect that the deal could be
completed or a transaction could happen
this year because of the scale and the
complexity of the deal. So remember this
deal involves 43 ports across the world.
So there would be a lot of different
authorities in different countries that
they could uh they should get approvals
from.
>> Right. That could drag on for a while
yet. Shelley, thank you so much.
Bloomberg, Shaly Chiao. Some other
earnings that we're tracking across the
region. Honghai says it expects sales of
servers to more than double this quarter
while its consumer electronics business
dwindles. The company predicts a 170%
rise in revenue from servers made for
artificial intelligence tasks. Honghai
has been navigating geopolitical shifts
while it tries to diversify its
manufacturing footprint and tap the AI
boom to offset volatile iPhone sales.
Way second quarter adjusted EPS rose to
54 cents, beating analyst estimates. Ad
revenue gained 2.2% to $383 million,
lifting total sales to 445 million
monthly and daily active users also
topped forecast. And shares in Hong Kong
subway operator MTR in focus reporting
first half net income climbing almost
30% to 7.7 billion Hong Kong dollars
with underlying profit up 55%. And the
company says the city's retail sector
has yet to fully recover from the
effects of the pandemic. It also says
it's continuing to see growth
opportunities in mainland China and
overseas. Uh David,
>> yeah, in in fact, in just a moment,
we'll talk about all those things,
mainland markets, opportunities there,
overseas markets separately, and of
course, local markets, and also the
weather disturbance we've had here in
the city. So, Jacob Cam joins us, of
course, the MTR CEO, in a couple of
minutes to talk us through their
earnings report. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. Uh we're in the thick of
earning season. MTR, of course, Hong
Kong listed railway operator. We're down
about 3%. Quite a drop of course in
shares today. Uh the company of course
that income jumped there. revenue though
down about 7% but the company's warning
that Hong Kong's retail sector has yet
to actually fully recover from the
pandemic and it will continue to seek
opportunities growth opportunities
outside Hong Kong. Joining us now is the
CEO MTR CEO Jacob Cam here with us on
Susette to tip us take us through the
numbers and the future and we'll talk
about the future in a moment. Jacob,
very nice to see you. I was hoping to
start off not on the reported quarter,
but all this really bad weather we've
had in Hong Kong last, let's call it
month and a half. I think five black
rainstorm warnings
>> and typhoons before that.
>> Typhoons before that, I think. Yeah.
Yeah. The T10. Forgot about that. That's
right.
>> What's the impact you've seen in terms
of foot passenger traffic?
>> Well, uh MTR turns out to be the uh most
reliable transport in town. Um but of
course uh bad weather will impact people
do not have to uh go to work and
therefore they will have an impact on uh
on patronage but at the same time uh we
also see an increased footfall in our
shopping malls. Uh so um what we have
done uh is that is to get more prepared
for significant uh weather uh uh impact.
uh but because most of our systems are
covered so uh we can maintain
frequencies maintain uh uh journey times
uh without significant uh difficulties
and also because of our rail press
property uh development we have
integrated the property on top of
railway stations therefore passengers
>> could go out without a broly
>> uh even in black rainstorm from home to
work and and back. H yeah, we were
joking before the break that people who
were pretending to work from home are
actually were perhaps gallivanting.
>> It was just their family who are
wondering in the
>> Okay. Well, they're working of course
they are working of course.
>> How was the last quarter report what
what went well? What didn't go well?
>> We um well we have seen a half year uh
profit up
>> uh because we are well mainly
contributed by the uh property
development profit. Uh we are in a
harvest harvesting stage uh of our
property development uh program. Um our
recurrent uh profit has gone down uh
mainly we believe is because of the uh
new normal in traveling pattern as well
as consumption retail uh patterns. Um we
have actually increased cost in
investing into technology to improve our
future cost base as well as uh uh
creating a better customer experience in
in the new normal.
>> Yeah. the I mean maybe the stock down
today is perhaps an indication there is
some slight concern that if recurring
recurring revenue keeps falling what's
what's what's the company's plan to
structurally maybe address that issue.
>> Well our uh fair revenue income has
actually uh gone up.
>> Okay. uh because primarily because of
the uh crossboundary patronage has
increased both normal crossboundary as
well as the highspeed rail service um
there is pressure on our rental income
for both the station commercial as well
as the shopping malls
>> but as I said as we are adapting to the
new normal uh we're hoping to ride on
for example the mega events the IP
events major sports events and hopefully
they'll create new uh revenue streams
for
uh as people go out and enjoy uh uh the
events,
>> right? You know, I've actually
anecdotally noticed there is a lot of
there's a lot more visitor foot traffic
in the city. Can you distinguish in
terms of your data which are the sort of
the more frequent users of of of your
network and which ones are sort of
visitors and have you seen that latter
portion increase? In fact,
>> um, a lot of the visitors from the
mainland, they are already using uh,
Octopus cards like our locals. So, it's
actually in a way
>> difficult. Okay.
>> But there are also, of course, visitors
who buy our visitors uh, special pass.
Yep.
>> And of course, we we do notice a gradual
increase in both our airport express
service as well as our cross boundary
service of uh, new visitors. Hm. Yeah. I
think that's east rail line for example
which takes us to the two border like
can you talk a little bit more about
that? How much like on a almost in a
yearon-year basis how much in increase
have you seen across that you know that
line that takes people all the way
through and back of course from the
border.
>> That's right. Well we have two uh land
crossing uh Lu station as well as Lachel
station served by the Israel line.
>> Um we have seen u in in the beginning of
the year we we only see a small increase
and gradually that increase is is
building up. We're hoping that the
momentum will continue. So that increase
will actually uh uh go even further uh
in for the rest of the year. So uh that
reflects not only Hong Kong people going
up and then coming back, but also an
increased number of mainland visitors
coming to major events in Hong Kong.
>> You mentioned earlier on you're in the
harvesting stage for the other big part
of the business, of course, which is
property. There's a notion that you're
too dependent on property and that's
probably going to show up even further
because you mentioned it's a harvesting
stage. What what would you how would you
address those concerns?
>> Well, um now prop uh railway uh creates
a lot of value uh economic value to the
city and to the communities,
>> right?
>> Uh however, itself is a is a is a
challenging investment railway. Um the
the essence of rail press property model
that we have been using for the last 45
years.
>> Rail plus property
>> rail plus property is to using property
to capture some of this external uh
value that the railway creates and put
it back into supporting the railways
construction operations maintenance as
well as asset renewal. So this is how uh
the whole model is working. M
>> so we need to look at the business as an
integrated whole although the railway is
the core business
>> but the property is the external value
that we capture
>> uh to to support the railway
>> almost a financing model if you think
about it that way talk to us about
overseas how are you looking at that
>> we uh continue to look for opportunities
uh outside of Hong Kong both in mainland
China as well as uh elsewhere uh but of
course we will only uh enter into
opportunities that will uh uh that our
strength we actually create an advantage
competitive advantage as well as of
course bringing a reasonable return uh
to our shareholders. Now in the mainland
of China in addition to the railway
business uh we have we are also very
strong in terms of station commercial uh
experience. We have extensive experience
in Hong Kong and we are helping the
mainland metros to uh to basically to
create and grow that station commercial
business.
>> Now MTR is perceived by some as a
Chinese company. Now whether you agree
with that or not and whether or not
that's an accurate description of course
of it, the reason I bring that up is do
you think politics has become a
challenge for you to bag overseas
business? I'm wondering whether or not
it is actually something to consider and
how you're planning to get around that.
>> Well, we have a growing business in
Australia for example, right?
>> And we're also exploring new
opportunities in the Middle East and the
Asian countries mainly countries along
the Baron Row.
>> Okay. uh so it is uh I believe we are uh
making headway into into those uh
places.
>> Okay. It's a reality uh of the business
environment. So wait a few more
questions for last few months in the
job.
>> That's correct.
>> Any anything else you wish to see before
before you you set off?
>> Well we uh well for the next few months
I have to concentrate on my current uh
uh uh duties. Right. We have uh major
construction work going forward uh as
well as investment in technologies uh as
well as uh growing our patronage and so
on. So there are plenty of work for me
to focus on and of course I'll make sure
that there will be a smooth transition
at the end of the year.
>> Okay. And Jenny's ready you think?
>> Definitely most definitely. Jenny is
actually very experienced in multiple
businesses within the corporation.
>> She has also been here for a reasonable
time. she understands fully uh the
strategic strategic direction of the
business uh development of the company's
development as well as Hong Kong's
strategic positioning. So she will do a
good job with a very strong team that we
have built up.
>> And apart from doing media interviews,
what is the one thing you're going to
miss the most here about about your job?
>> I will I will miss the time with Broom.
Definitely.
>> Oh, come on. Okay. Well, thank thank you
for that. Does a former CEO of MTR get
free rides for life? Like how does that
work?
>> Yes, we do.
>> Okay. We do work for a number of years
before we get that. Yes.
>> Yes. Well, that's welld deserved. Jacob,
thank you so much for taking the time to
speak with us. Jacob there,
>> CEO of MTR. And by the way, you can get
an insidider guide to the money and
people shaking up the finance hub here
in Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong edition
newsletter out every Thursday. You can
sign up via bloomberg.com/newsletters.
Plenty more ahead here on the China
Show.
[Music]
Oo, we are counting down to that China
activity data for the month of July. But
in the meantime, continuing to watch how
things are playing out in the session
amid these earnings from Chinese
companies. JD for one revenue beating
profits were a miss as uh Katherine was
talking about earlier it's really that
competition does this highlight what's
to come for the likes of Alibaba Mtoan
JD health really seeing a pop there not
only did it beat on revenues it was also
on the receiving end of an upgrade by
HSBC to buy CK Hushes another one in the
green we talked about that earlier that
uh profit miss this is on a one-time
charge and way 10% almost. That's the
climb after quarterly earnings beat
estimates. And aside from that, keeping
tabs on uh stocks that have just begun
trading in Hong Kong. Take a look at
Inogen Pharma after it was really
wellreceived uh in the retail tranch.
We're seeing that pop 200% plus earlier
pairing some of the earlier gains though
uh but still really really solid showing
at the start of the first day of trade.
Property stocks also in focus. We talked
earlier about how there seems to be a
sort of backs stop uh for the sector.
Now these ses might be brought in to buy
up unsold homes after previous
initiatives which involve the local
government were not as successful.
Limited success. That's one way to
characterize it. We also had China home
price data still looking pretty
concerning. But of course, the data
countdown to 10:00 a.m. uh local time,
David.
>> Yep. Just under 7 minutes away from
that. In fact, we're going on 6 minutes.
And just to mention, too, so 4.6%. I'm
going to read the the median here, not
the range. So, if you're if you're an
economist listening, you don't hear your
forecast, don't get upset. This is the
median, unless you have a median
forecast, of course. Median is 4.6% on
retail sales year. Uh year-to- date is
4.9%. You do the math on the median, on
the monthly, then you get the year-to-
date extrapolation. Uh factory output
year 6% also a drop from the prior read
of 6.8% and we're also looking at a 2.7%
fixed asset investment also a decline
there from the previous uh from the
previous month. Property investment year
to date negative 11.5 negative 11.4% 4%
that goes into the property story that
we just showed you earlier on and a tick
up in 5.1% in the survey for survey
jobless rate is also coming through as
well. So the actual numbers are coming
through in a couple of minutes here. We
have a lot more on the way here. Keep
keep it here. You're watching the China
show. Good morning.
[Music]
>> Okay,
>> welcome back. You're watching the China
show and here's a look at the offshore
UN as we countdown to that release of
China's activity data for the month of
July. As you see there that live shot
from Beijing waiting to hear those
numbers and what the state council has
to say about it. Of course, this could
potentially inform uh the kind of
stimulus bets that we got and also how
the supply side reforms and bad weather
have kind of been in the mix when it
comes to China's industrial output. Also
watching for signs of the extent in
which retail sales of course the slowing
uh that is what is expected. Dollar
China for the moment at the 718 handle.
Of course, we saw the climb in the green
bag. I mean, all this David, do you have
the numbers?
>> Yeah, they're out. Okay. And not not
very good ones. Let's start with retail
sales here. 3.7%
is the actual year-in-year number for
retail sales for July. The median
estimate was 4.6. And I believe just
looking at the range of forecasts there,
uh, yes, that did come in retail sales
actually coming in below even the lowest
forecast. So this one really missing the
mark. Uh we're looking at industrial
production year and year. This is July a
monthly number but year and year 5.7%
uh on the year also missing the target
of 6% and also clearly a slowdown from
the previous month. Fixed asset
investments are out as well 1.6%
also uh missing this is a yeartoate
year-in-year number also missing the
mark by more than a full percentage
point on growth. Property investments
down 12%. And retail property sales year
to date negative 6.2%. So the jobless
rate has also picked up above the
estimates of 5.1. So the jobless rate
for July also coming in uh worse than
expected 5.2%. So I'm looking across the
all the numbers coming through here and
it does seem this is an acrosstheboard
miss on monthly activity numbers which
is I guess in one way consistent with
the PMIs in the business surveys coming
through plus you have to throw in the
weather. Now I think the question now is
does this mean that policy will be less
reactive and measured
uh into being able to address this
current bout and this current slowdown.
Let's get initial reaction and perhaps
what this means for policy prescription.
And joining us here on set is Chen
Chang, chief China e economist at
Parkplace Asia Pacific. Good morning and
nice to see you.
>> Morning, David.
>> We just talked about numbers. I'm not
sure how much you were able to hear
there, but just your initial glance at
across the board miss.
>> Yeah, I think uh we have to recognize Q2
was actually a very strong quarter,
>> right? the June I remember retail sales
jumped and the average May to June
retail sales was 5.6%.
So some payback and some moderation
should be expected but obviously we
wanted to dig deeper into
>> right
>> uh for example we knew that the trading
subsidies uh were reduced or many local
governments were running out of money so
that had led to actually some recovery
in home appliances prices.
>> Okay. as seen in the CPI data, but also
and we were expecting that would lead to
a slowdown in retail sales because some
household would wait,
>> right?
>> The third batch of the trading subsidy
actually came in uh we think around late
July.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think the most recent development
>> so so August data should see some
recovery. That's what I Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. So looking forward that
might see a bounce if the you know the
consumers that were waiting
>> Yeah. that that had put it off will will
start purchasing in in in August. Well,
that takes us into the subsidies
question because there's subsidies on
appliances and very recently subsidies
to consumer and personal loans. What
initially do you think what benefits
initially do you think will come of the
subsidies subsidies to personal loans
specifically? I think overall we've seen
that the government have been focusing
or continue to focus on their
prioritization
for this year which is boosting domestic
demand slash consumer demand slash I
think in particular services uh
consumption
>> right we seen this personal consumer
loan interest subsidy mostly offered by
yes one percentage point yeah and there
was also some subsidies I mean that was
There was also subsidies for services
companies.
>> Yes.
>> Right. In the catering and some of those
I think hard hit uh industries in this
current environment. Um
so I would like to view these as part of
the efforts from the government in
boosting consumption and uh domestic
demand in alongside with those subsidies
to preschool
>> uh um
>> y
>> education and to child care subsidy to
disabled elderly cap subsidy. Right. So
we've seen a flurry of these um
individually they may you know have a
0.1 point point you know two percentage
point contribution
>> they add up though.
>> Yeah but they add up to uh by our uh
wording was the incremental policy
support is going to put a floor to
growth. So we were looking for uh two
months ago a moderation in activity but
unlike others very bearish we don't look
for a collapse. uh we were putting
retail sales growth in the second half
of the year to somewhat around 4.5 to
5%. Obviously there's a big gap from the
July data but we do see you know the
government is going to step up efforts
to support consumption.
>> Yeah
>> Chang ael in Singapore here the
government measures to help boost
consumption. How helpful is that going
to be with the property sector in the
state that it's in? I mean we're seeing
property investment deepening
contraction. Is that just slapping a
band-aid on the problem?
>> You you are you are right in that uh the
reason why we've maintained a below
consensus forecast for China growth was
because of the property sector that we
had been more bearish than streets on
the property sector and more bullish on
the export side. Well turned into more
constructive on consumption since Q1. So
on the property I mean our forecast was
actually a uh minus 12 uh uh percent I
mean contraction of uh in in further
contraction in the property investment
and uh if we look at all the leading
indicators in property uh in July and
that all points to a crossboard
deterioration and indeed I think that
would remain uh a big drag to economic
growth as well as exerting continued
downward pressures to prices and the two
uh kind of the disinflation expectations
as well as to I think also uh labor
market that have seen continued
deterioration
across
>> and are you expecting some
>> right are you expecting amid this
deterioration some form of property
sector support I mean we're hearing that
potentially they could tap on s so ses
to buy up unsold homes how effective do
you think a measure like this would
last September October around the policy
pivot I was also advocating on you know
the policies or like property
stabilization fund of trillions and or
central government le kind of a
restructuring etc but uh I think judging
by the policy bureau meeting in July or
you know the government work report in
March the priority for this year I think
would continue to be on consumption and
the tax sector right uh so we would see
more fiscal subsidy partly coming from
the already budgeted spending uh we've
uh but in terms of the new property
measures there could be some we saw like
so ses buying inventories or you know
the government buying inventories to
distribute or rent it out we continue to
see such news it may happen in certain
local government who has the fiscal
capacity. Um but I think broadly
speaking it will be uh kind of a still a
slow burning uh and for for the property
sector. Yeah.
>> As you alluded to some of this right uh
that export slowdown.
Um what are you expecting in terms of
the evolution of the US China trade
relationship? Are you still expecting
potentially a lower effective tariff
rate um in the midst of all this?
Um actually I think the consensus view
uh from clients from the streets since
late June uh as also uh highlighted by
our Barclay's global research is that
the trade truth likely to hold uh the
30% new tariff likely to be stay and
extended in the rest of the year with
some room for the fentanyl tariff to be
reduced but that's all up for obviously
negot negotiation. So for now I think
this um for the moment given the you
know the rare earth is um meaningful uh
leverage uh so the
reescalation is less likely um but I
think there's remain a lot of uh uh
uncertainties in terms of uh you know on
the tax sector on the maybe even
financial sector uh we see both
government actually are uh taking more
actions and our Chinese government are
also making more preparations. Yeah, you
know, hopefully we are headed in that
direction of a certainly no longer
restrictive levels of tariffs and
hopefully they come together and uh
finalize and we can put this behind us,
right? But the reason I also bring that
up is
>> it's interesting when you look at the
July set of numbers, right? So it's now
complete. We have activity numbers and
we have exports. Activity doesn't seem
okay. Exports though beating by a wide
margin. And I wonder what your
expectations are for exports. Does that
part of the economy hold up in the
second half if not actually even
improve?
>> Yeah, I think indeed uh this weak
domestic demand versus the continued
kind of outperformance in exports have
been going on for pretty much the past
year, right? Just to a slightly
different extent and also like uh
physical markets respond to some of the
government stimulus measures. Then we
have some bit of volatilities in the
monthly data
>> but the big trend have largely stayed
the same. In fact last June we published
a piece highlighting three cyclical
factors and three structural factors you
know to underpainting a kind of a
constructive or bullish view on Chinese
exports with the title enduring bright
spot which I think have largely played
out. So we would continue the three
cyclical factor including
uh DM consumer demand, the US consumers
to some extent the EU European and uh
second would be the global tax cycle and
also the AI boom which to some extent
have extended from last year to this
year and the third would be the real
effective exchange rate which dropped by
another six%.
>> Okay. when last year we were reporting
around 15% down from the peak
>> right so these are all adding to
competitiveness and or the stronger
external demand for Chinese exports and
then the structural factors obviously
including I think what people are
talking widely now diversify the global
markets which every other country are
also looking for and also this leading
technology in many of Chinese companies
we have not only electrification but
also digitalization and also autonomous
you know products that is with much
better value for money alongside with
Chinese companies going global. So I
think these factors uh have certainly
played a big role in contributing to
this uh uh continued you know exports
beating expectation. So we remain
slightly more positive than the streets
on Chinese exports in the second half
year but I think some payback would be
unavoid avoidable. So we were tracking
say things like cargo overall cargo
throughputs and that have saw a big
decline and which has actually has been
tracking the overall export movement
quite well. Uh and then this uh
container shipping data which tended to
track the US exports to the US.
>> I was actually going to ask you about
that because and tell me if it's well
tell me if I'm if I'm remembering it
accurately and if it's statistically
relevant from for an economist
perspective. I think the the value of
non US exports from China I think went
up from 85%
>> to 89%. It's a four percentage point
drop of in other words this sort of
weaning itself off that export market.
Is is that significant and is that
indicative of a trend you know Chinese
exporters looking for other markets?
>> I think that trend have already started
since 2018
>> uh when President Trump first right
announced the tariff on China. So part
of that uh shifts reflect say trade
rerouting or trans shshipments but part
of that reflects the expanding export
markets for example Singapore right and
or Australia these are not the countries
necessarily wants to be a big
manufacturing hub for EV so they would
import a lot of Chinese EV or in Latin
America like a Brazil or you know a Peru
and there's also Chinese companies EV
companies building the uh production
lines and so certainly alongside with
that we would see more exports. So
there's a variety of reasons other than
trans shshipment. Okay.
>> That are support I think would put a
certain floor for Chinese exports. We
won't see a big collapse for the overall
exports.
>> Okay. Jen Chan will be staying with us
here. She's with Barclays. Lots more to
talk about inflation anti-involution as
well. Right. We will leave you at live
pictures of the national beer statistics
press briefing taking place uh at the
capital as we speak. We'll take a break
very short break as we digest the
activity numbers which missed across the
board but when I look at markets largely
not completely largely brushing off the
weak numbers K live gives you the
context there for analysis and latest
numbers as well coming through plenty
more ahead here on the China
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We're about uh 50
47 minutes and 17 seconds into the cash
market session. Benchmarks are down
about 1%. We're coming off lows of the
day. Shanghai comp though is still
moving up 310 cents to 1% and again we
are flirting with 10-year highs on the
Shanghai Composite. We're just coming
through the data as well. We'll get you
more on that in a moment. But a lot of
big movers across these markets,
individual movers earnings and really
indicative Minman of uh this or painting
a picture of micro over the macro. What
what can you tell us Minman?
>> Yeah, we're looking at all the earnings
reports that are coming through, right?
And here we are looking at some of the
biggest losers on the Hong Singh index
today. This three-way fight among the
food delivery platform. JD.com, of
course, reported earnings yesterday. It
was a beat on the revenue front, up by
22% versus estimates of 6%, but the
profits were pretty much wiped out, down
by 78% because of the intense price
competition in the food delivery sector.
We're talking about almost free milk tea
and all the investment going into these
promotions leading to analysts really
revising down the forecast across the
sector. So, we're seeing JD.com,
Alibaba, Mtoan all pointing down today.
Now flip the board. Take a look at some
of the other earnings that has come
through. So far we have about a fifth of
the company on the hung already reported
and about 70% surprising to the upside.
So here you can see wo JD.com up by 15%.
This is the highest that we have seen
since 2023 after an earnings beat. We
have Mcquaryy raising it to outperform
HSBC raising it to buy. The price
targets largely revised by double digits
for JD Health. Of course, it's also
benefiting from that consumer loan
subsidy that is helping lift the health
care sector overall. Waybo as well
beating estimates on earnings 8% up and
CK Hutcherson looking pretty resilient
here up by 2% despite that one-off hit
to the profits by 90% because of this
merger of its UA UK telecommunications
unit with Vodafone. Although its other
core business, the retail and port
business are still showing pretty
resilient profits up by about 11%.
Minman, thank you so much. Minman low,
our China correspondent there. I just
want to zero in on JD.com, of course,
and the sort of uh market reaction
you're seeing on the back of JD.com is
really made one also falling as well,
right? This sort of fierce competition,
not I mean to the bottom is is the
question and sort of anti-involution
which disincentivizes that race to the
bottom. What does it mean from a macro
perspective? Jen Chong is still with us
here on set, chief China economist at
Barclays Asia Pacific and yeah, like I I
haven't got your thoughts on that. So
there's there's a policy push to
incentivize private sector to stop
cutting prices, but at the same time
you're getting subsidies and everything
else that if you think about it is
deflationary in nature. Do those things
contradict each other? Like how how are
you approaching this this this exercise
to reflate prices?
>> Yeah. Well, well, I think that if we
look at if we we took a look at the
timeline of the anti-evolution uh
movement, let's say the government,
central government first highlighted it
July last year at the policy bureau
meeting
>> and fast forward March this year, we
were highlighting in the report the
government premier Lee highlighted in
the government work report to
comprehensive rectific rectification of
the
>> uh evolution. Right? So clearly on the
back of this uh you know excessive
competition and also you know driving
really corporate profitability to
negative and with intensifying price war
and especially I've seen in the EV
sector but also we saw this food
delivery and companies. So, so I think
that really have raised a concern for
the government. Not only I think it is
deflationary and which was why we were
tracking since the beginning of last
year when Tesla started the price war
but also it was hurting you know
squeezing the profitabilities along the
supply chain.
>> Right.
>> Right. And also these big players tended
to really delay the payments to their
suppliers which really led to a very
negative kind of spiral. Yeah. and in
the whole economic system and that also
I think to some extent on the margin
adding to this worsening of deflationary
expectation
>> right so I think it's it's encouraging
to see the government is taking action
on that
>> on the back of reasonably strong let's
say GDP growth in the first half of the
year because there would be a tradeoff
>> right between in price and the uh sales
or production because part of the
government efforts is to curb uh the
production, curb the excess capacity and
also um higher price as we've already
seen like auto uh price ended a five
months decline and stabilized for the
first time on a month-on-month basis in
July we see in the CPI data
>> right uh released last week so and that
actually happened you know the same time
we saw some of the EV makers BYD or XP
has been posting uh falling sales right
so because they were you know had to
keep the price you know stable exact
things so so I think in a way there is a
trade-off
>> between price and sales and uh um
>> final question for you this time next
year what do you think inflation's going
to be
>> um I would think that uh
up higher than so this year we look for
0.2% CPI inflation
>> uh I think after three six months of
government's effort on the margin that
could add uh 1.2 two percentage point to
CPI inflation and we would also see PPI
deflation narrowing
>> uh on a sequential basis.
>> Okay.
>> Um but obviously I think uh the
government needs to do more on the
fiscal side on the spending side.
Central government needs to further add
leverage as we saw from the credit data
right private credit uh overall
contracted bond purchases
issued.
>> Yeah. So, but the the government should
add more leverage next year. Yeah,
>> it is a policy priority. Um, so all
things point to that direction. Thank
you so much for taking the time to come
here. Uh, Jen Chong there, chief China
economist at Bartley's Asia Pacific. Uh,
you're looking at live pictures from the
National Bureau of Statistics press
briefing. I should mention one specific
note here because of the uptick that
we've noticed in the employment rate to
5.2%. The NBS is saying that it's down
to because it is graduation season.
There we go. Subscribers can check this
out. T Live Go on your Bloomberg
terminals. Plimarhead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right. Welcome back. Oh, it's busy on
the news flow. So, away from the the
monthly activity numbers which came
through, I think on the property side of
things, as you can see, a rally is
taking place on the benchmark and some
of the big names. That's despite of
course the slowing even further of
property prices might be down to a
reporting of course of perhaps new
measures being mulled to address the
inventory issue. Very quickly about an
hour into the cash market session big
listing today up 280 90% at one point.
So it's rare to say we're coming off
highs of the day to 170%. The CEO joins
us in a couple of minutes. Best plumber.
[Music]
Right, we're going into the Tokyo lunch
break. Just a brief look. We had some
GDP numbers which come came through.
There we go. 1%
blowing through estimates. What that
means is again the deflator
conversations going away. You have a
gaffer higher rates. Uh yeah, and some
fifths of some monetary space to do so.
Uh we're getting the banks actually
reacting quite well quite nicely. As you
can see, the 10ear yields up and as you
can see, there we go. We're up two to 4%
at least in AMCC on your screens on the
back of again that point we were just
making of expectations
uh for a rate hike are certainly
bolstered by well, funnily enough,
backward-looking numbers. But anyway,
there we go. Um, we'll take you straight
back right now from Tokyo now to Beijing
where the National Beer Statistics is
still conducting its live briefing
following the release of some numbers.
And I think one of the things that's
come through in the last few minutes is
this line on the acknowledgment that
there needs to be more internal drivers
per consumption for that
portion to be strengthened. Uh, number
two, they also commented and gave
important context on why we did see a
tick up in the unemployment rates, the
labor market participation, I believe is
what they're alluding to there with it's
graduation season. So, there is of
course a cohort of fresh graduates
hitting the job market. Uh, I should
also mention when you look at the
uh market reaction
seems to have catalyzed a move on dollar
China and also equity markets. So
hanging index now down 1.3%.
Um session lows or near session lows in
that in the last few minutes or so.
Hanging China index also uh down around
that same level. Dollar China seeing
some weakness coming through. We're now
looking at session highs uh on dollar
CH. We're now trading at about 71856
as far as that is concerned. Yes, we're
just at highs of the day. So trying to
figure this out. It might be down to the
data. It might be down to something
else. as you can see there. So markets
are reacting
um at least more visibly to what's going
on if that is of course a catalyst. I
should uh caveat that uh just to avoid
speculation there. Okay. Um we will
table that for now. We'll get you more
details more important uh material
details coming through once we have more
information from the NBS. In the
meantime, more on the fiscal side of the
conversation. this time in New Zealand
where we had the finance minister
talking u she says she understands why
the US has set tariffs at certain levels
for countries which have trade surpluses
with them including of course New
Zealand but she also told us it's
difficult to see such a small country as
a threat to American industry
>> we have very strong and long-standing
people-to-people ties our two countries
have got along well for for many many
decades and we think it is the the
interests of both countries that New
Zealand continue to be a strong
relationship that the United States can
look to and rely on.
>> So is this White House so impacting the
relationship the strong relationship
that New Zealand has had with the United
States in any way?
>> We continue to view the United States as
our friends. Now, of course, we would
prefer not to be facing additional
tariffs. Uh find me a country that says,
"Yeah, we really like additional
tariffs." Uh and we're not in that uh
we're not in that situation. uh and we
have uh a history of pursuing freer
trading agreements. We have very very
low trade barriers for United States
imports uh and we we feel we've treated
American exporters very well. So we
would pre preferred to be on a lower
tariff rate. We've ended up at 15% as a
base rate which reflects the fact we
have a small trade surplus with the
United States. We're talking very
marginal New Zealand dollars 500
million. So it isn't big. We don't
really think
>> but it's disappointing that it wasn't
maybe the 10% that folks were thinking
initially. would have preferred that. We
understand the rule that's been applied.
Uh but it's hard to conceive that New
Zealand, a country of 5 million people,
is any kind of threat to the
manufacturing or or industrial base of
America. Does it lead though, and I
guess we're trying to figure out, we
talk a lot about the geopolitical world
order being changing around. We talked
about the president was just asked about
um maybe closer ties between China and
Latin America. China already has a
presence, we know in Latin America, but
maybe they are increased as a result of
what's going on. Are you forging
different relationships because of some
of the strained relationships out of the
United States or strained relations out
of the US? I
>> I wouldn't characterize it that way. New
Zealand has always looked to forge uh
relationships around the world and to
reinforce the rules-based system
wherever we can and to work through
multilateral institutions because we're
small and our voice will never be the
loudest. Like the United States, we have
a strong and important economic
relationship with China that we've been
able to maintain while also taking very
different points of view on many matters
and we've been able to balance those two
things. So,
>> so not strengthening them with China
because of maybe what's going on?
>> No, I would not characterize it that
way, but continuing to lean into our
relationships where we have common
interests. So, we are members, for
example, of the CPTP trade relationship
and we uh have welcomed the EU's
interest in becoming a dialogue partner
and looking to reinforce that trade
arrangement. We've recently signed free
trade agreements with the United
Kingdom, with the European Union.
They're important uh with the GCC, the
UAE and we're pursuing a trade
relationship with India. We think it's
very important uh as a small exporting
country that we have options in who we
trade with. Wherever possible try and
open more doors. We've got a grand
history of doing that. We were one of
the first countries in the world to drop
subsidies to ensure that we were
genuinely open to the world. We won't
get rich selling to ourselves. We're too
small for that. So, we do well when the
world welcomes our goods and services.
really really good convo there with
Carol Massar of course our colleague in
New York with the finance minister of
New Zealand Nicola Willis there and uh
for our Bloomberg subscribers you can
watch us live or maybe catch that one
some of the other ones you might have
missed we had one earlier on here on the
show with Hai and also with MTR think of
earning season to fight to say TV go is
the function you run to be able to
scroll back to any of those things that
you might have missed and also check out
the functions that uh we've run here on
the shows check it TV go.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. Happy Friday, by the way, if
you're just joining us right now. To the
left are scenes from the stock exchange.
Just over an hour back, of course, the
man you see on the left side of your
screens, Chen Hua Wong, of course,
founder, chairman, and CEO of the
company that went public here today in
Hong Kong. It's rare for me to say this.
The stock is coming off highs of the day
and it's not only trading at only 180%
up from from the IPO price. So, it's a
biotech firm and of course, it does help
that massively oversubscribe
uh especially the retail tranch of this
listing. It also helps that the sector
has done massively well. There's a lot
of bullishness around the
uh all the developments uh around the
Chinese biotech space and certainly it's
well a good time to be listening so far
to say here uh in Hong Kong. Joining us
now on set from the stock exchange
they're made their way here very quickly
is exclusively by the way is the founder
chairman and CEO uh Cho Wang um out of
uh the company here today. Good morning
and nice to see you.
>> Good morning. Very nice to see you. Just
looking at I just want to start with a
with the stock price. It's done very
very well. Should you have raised more
money in the market was that a was that
even a consideration looking at how high
the demand was for your listing?
>> I think uh this is a very good sign for
instance uh
>> the uh IPO it's a it's a very important
milestone for the company. So we have
been uh keeping doing a very important
research because uh you know the our
goal the aim is to translating those
very basic fundamental science to the
clinic side
>> so you know this is a long
>> like it's a long procedures right that
will be very much cost so I think
raising fund is a very much important
step for the company particularly in in
the current stage our product has been
approach approved
>> uh by uh uh access to the market by
Chinese FDA and also the the core the
core product of our company is called F
super glut alpha.
>> Yes. So now we're at the stage of
commercialization you know also the uh
the uh for the marketing fund that's
very much important for like uh to to to
uh to uh to translating or facilitating
our efforts to to to further develop our
product.
>> It's as you point out it's been approved
for diabetes. I think the current
process now is you want it also approved
for obesity. Yeah, obesity, overweight
and also like a metabol and also
metabolic dysfunction associated fatty
liver for instance and some other like a
metabolic uh like a chronic disease.
>> What's the what's the update on approval
process? Do you have a better
understanding of when
>> you might get the green light for that?
I know that's a long process of course.
>> Yeah, it's a long process but we have
made a very significant progress on
that. For instance, uh the uh for the uh
uh the obese uh I mean the tri for for
the weight loss we have completed the
phase 2B already in China. You know this
is the stage is called uh called
seamless uh seamless operational
seamless uh like I mean yeah I mean
strategy. So we finished to be stud
>> was it in June? uh it's in I think uh we
finish that. Yeah. So actually the fifth
2A study has been finished already. We
have obtained a very like very good
results actually.
>> What did what did you find?
>> We found actually you see uh using for
those participates using the FUG gluten
alpha at the target dosing
>> okay
>> only for four weeks treatment. So the
weight loss is more than eight 8
kilogram. Let's say it's about 10
kilograms in four weeks. Only for four
weeks. Yeah. But most importantly, you
see the I mean the body we lose is only
associated with the fat loss. Okay. No
no muscle loss.
>> Okay.
>> And also no water loss hopefully.
>> Yes. You're right. You're right. Yeah.
Since water is very much important you
know we look at the okay index called
the ratio of fat to lean mass. M
>> even this ratio is increased
significantly after treatment only by
four weeks.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. But that's very much important you
know for those kind of chronic like
disease treatment the patient they want
not only to feel a very strong or good
efficacy right you need to give them a
very good like safety profile.
>> Okay. So you should like give them a
very like a good feeling let's say in in
the context of the side effect. Okay.
This one the one we made called Fog
Alpha which very good safety profile.
>> How big is the what's your estimate? How
big is the obesity market? obesity
market that will be huge you know for
>> in mainland China
>> in mainland China you know for diabetes
for diabetes patient okay the the
prevalence of diabetes which is more
than 150 million okay I think for
obesity that will be several time more
than that you know for these because of
the lifestyle like these days uh people
working too hard and also of course the
the obesity usually associated with the
people's lifestyle uh and uh so these
days uh a lot of people they get
overweight and obesity but it should be
like mentioned that obesity is you know
that's a co it's a disease right which
is also cause for many of the other
metabolic disease
>> okay
>> like a cardic fun like cardic dis like
disease lino disease on the liver
disease yeah which is also the major
cause of the type two diabetes yeah
>> are you are you confident that you
didn't get approval for for the obesity
uh market,
>> right? You see, we have been doing in a
very scientific like it's a
science-driven company. Okay. So, Energy
is a science company. So you know we are
very much let's say in the process of
the clinical trial which is very much
important you need a very strong clinic
team right so for those leading PR they
are very uh like uh very advanced like
pioneer scient leading scientist in the
field leading clinician scientist in the
field. So you know if we review for the
type the try for type two diabetes okay
we made a very good very high quality
clinic try and also we are using the
same manner of same attitude for this uh
for this choice so I think we will get a
very good result also yeah
>> do you have any plans to commercialize
your drugs outside China
>> yes yes actually see the f super gluten
alpha for uh for diabetes which Actually
uh this we get a market approval
uh get a micro uh the market approval in
macro.
>> Okay.
>> And also we find those application for
like for marketing uh like uh like a
South Asia country and also some other
like a country.
>> Are you talking to regulators already
outside?
>> Yes we are finding we find already.
Yeah. Okay. Actually one has been
approved like has been has been approved
in Macau. Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. Uh a lot of attention global
attention from global investors. I want
to ask you about what's happening in the
industry itself as a whole
>> have really taken notice of the
innovation and the speed at which the
biotech industry in China has been able
to get drugs through research approval
and into the market very successfully.
What do you think is going on in your
industry? Why suddenly is there such a
big lot of momentum coming through in in
in your sector?
>> Yeah, you know in our sector actually
the energy has been uh we focusing
dedicated in the disease for those uh
for those metabolic disease as a
patients with a type of diabetes obesity
or fatty liver. Okay. So just a very
recently people realize you see for
those chronic disease which uh there's a
huge unmet clinicical needs okay let's
say since you mentioned what's the
prevalence of those diabetes or for
obesity this is huge
>> that uh currently okay I think uh like a
scientist or the clinician scient
like like manner or option for treating
for those disease is.
>> So I think that there's a huge
potential.
>> Okay. There's a huge market potential.
>> In your mind, you're now a public
company, so you'll need to be speaking
with investors.
>> Yeah.
>> Media who might sometimes be a little
bit more shortsighted than a company of
course that is more long-sided. What is
a message you want to send the markets
right now that could be impatient
waiting for results while you're
planning for the for the longer term?
>> Yeah, actually the energy is a
sciencedriven company. It's a
science-driven pharmaceutical
like
company which we are dedicated to the
innovative drug research
development and also commercialization.
Okay. So we are aim to help to offer
those new therapy or those new options
for those patients with chronic disease.
So we will like deliver this innovative
and affordable bio medicine for like uh
for those patients not only in China and
also like uh worldwide. Yeah.
>> Well since you mentioned affordable a
final question for you. What have you
thought about pricing strategy yet for
the if you do get approval for obesity?
How do you plan to compete of course in
terms
apart from competitors?
>> Yes. Yes. I think that's a very good
question indeed. You know in China we
actually we called this called the
national reimbursement drag list in
idea. So we have been working very hard
in participate in uh in the uh I mean
reimbursement negotiation uh for the
2025 I mean national reimbursement I
mean list. Yeah, we yeah we making great
efforts to uh to to achieve uh like to
be like listed by this in IDL.
>> So I think with the uh like with that
list I think that will be much helpful
to the patient for to to to increase the
accessibility to the patients. Yeah,
>> thank you for taking the time uh to
speak with us and speak again once you
report earnings or maybe in between.
Chin Hua Wong there, the founder,
chairman, and CEO at Inogen. I think the
stock is the stock is doing okay. First
day of trade, record high. Plenty more
ahead. Happy Friday. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Lots of things to
watch. You might have just seen that. Of
course, looking ahead to Jackson Hole on
the monetary policy, there's a massive
meeting taking place, of course, uh
between, well, set to take place between
uh Russia, United States, you have
Russian President Vladimir Putin looking
to maybe strengthen his rapport with
Donald Trump. That's ahead of their
summit. Uh Trump, meanwhile, is
downplaying Friday's talk, saying a
followup involving Ukraine's leader will
be more important. Have a listen.
>> We have a meeting with President Putin
tomorrow. I think it's going to be a
good meeting, but the more important
meeting will be the second meeting that
we're having. We're going to have a
meeting with President Putin, President
Zalinski, myself, and maybe we'll bring
some of the European leaders along.
Maybe not.
Joining us here on sets is our chief
Asia correspondent Rosalyn Mat to help
us understand what the latest here, what
we're hearing from Vladimir Putin, and
what do you think the the Russians are
looking to get out of this?
>> Well, it's really interesting to see
Vladimir Putin is casting this in a
really broad lens. He's talking a lot
about the economic relationship, the
business relationship with the US. He's
bringing with him his finance minister,
also his chief economic envoy, and
really seeking to have the conversation
more about the bilateral relationship
between Russia and the US to talk about
those opportunities. And obviously,
Ukraine is a key factor in all of this
and his war in Ukraine. But he wants to
be more about resetting the relationship
between Russia and the US because of
course the Russian economy is under
pressure. It's on a war footing. It's
been all right, but we know there are
cracks emerging and especially around
the sanction side and the pressure that
Donald Trump's been putting on Russia
over its energy exports to Asia,
particularly India of late. And so his
desire is to get those sanctions lifted,
to get a bit of easing of the pressure
from Donald Trump. That's going to be
his number one priority. He doesn't seem
that inclined to end his war in Ukraine.
He's got no great desire to rush to do
so. Perhaps he has to make a gesture.
Perhaps he has to agree to that second
meeting that would involve the Ukrainian
president, but it seems his big priority
is actually that direct conversation
with Trump about the Russia US
relationship.
>> And I think on the point you just made,
which is very important, do you think
then that Donald Trump pushes for a
ceasefire of Ukraine? And what would be
a good result for for Donald Trump here?
>> Well, it's interesting because of course
the optics for Vladimir Putin are
terrific. He's being hosted by the US
leader on US soil. I mean, the win for
him is in a way just getting the
meeting. the risk for Donald Trump is a
lot higher. Of course, the last time
they had a summit in Helsinki, arguably
Donald Trump was outmaneuvered by the
Russian leader who's very canny in those
moments. And so, Donald Trump needs to
come away making sure that he's not seen
as being weak or outplayed again by
Vladimir Putin. And that also matters
for Donald Trump at home domestically.
He needs to show he's a leader who's
getting stuff done and who's not being
pushed around. So, a bit of risk there
for Donald Trump in the meeting. But
he's been, as you you were noting just
earlier, he's sort of walking back
expectations for this first
conversation. He's saying there may not
be agreement on a ceasefire. Certainly
discussing territory. They're not going
to make any agreements about Ukrainian
land in this conversation. If anything,
that all has to happen at a later
meeting. And he's also saying, you know,
if you don't though move towards a
ceasefire, there'll be severe
consequences. So he's just saying to
Vladimir Putin, I'm aware of what you're
doing. I'm not going to be pushed
around. that the risk for Donald Trump
has to be higher.
>> We'll have to wait and see. And the fact
that they are meeting of course is news
in itself. Thank you so much for the
context there ahead of that massive one
coming through Rosalyn Mat there, our
chief Asia correspondent there. And by
the way, for our Bloomberg television
audience, we'll be live at the summit
later today. Keep watching our special
coverage out of Alaska at those times
coming up on your screens very, very
shortly. There we go. That's taking
place if you're watching out of the Asia
Pacific, specifically Hong Kong,
Singapore, Beijing. That's taking place
early to midm morning. So stay tuned for
that special coverage. Among the many
other things taking place this weekend,
there's the Trump Putin summit that you
were just talking about there. The other
big pivot that's taking place this week,
China and India, Wangi will be visiting
India. We'll talk more about on the
other side of the weekend. And of
course, a thick of earnings coming
through as well in the next week or so.
In the meantime, thank you for joining
us today. Thank you for joining us this
week. Hope you've all had a good one.
And I wish you all have a good weekend
ahead. We'll see you all on Monday. This
is the China Show. Happy Friday.